Module 1 Quiz
Total points 23
Question 1
If I miss an assignment deadline or fail an assignment, I fail the course.
True

x False

Question 2
This is a completely self-paced course. The deadlines don't matter at all!
True

x False

Question 3
I can go through the course faster and complete it faster!
x True

False

Question 4
Where can you get access to the example source code used in the course and the Lecture Slide PDFs?
You CAN NOT have it! It's reserved only for special people. VERY special people! You can ask and beg on the discussion forums, but we still won't give it to you.

x The link to the GitHub.com repository, which contains the example code used in this course, Lecture Slide PDFs, as well as assignment starter code is given to you in the first module under the title "ALL of the EXAMPLE SOURCE CODE for this Course".

Question 5
In order to install Browser Sync, what must be installed first?
Javascript

Google Chrome Developer Tools

Ruby

x NodeJs

Java

Question 6
The core purpose of HTML is to
(hint: something a pure text file with content won't be able to accomplish)
Display web page content to the user

x Communicate the structure of the content

Tell the browser how to position and align content in the browser window

Tell the browser what should happen once the page is loaded

Question 7
W3C (World Wide Web Consortium) is the only organization that dictates what and how browsers should implement HTML5
True

x False

Question 8
ALL HTML5 tags must
x Have an opening tag

Have a closing tag

Have at least 1 attribute

Be lower case, i.e., 

1

not

1

Have an 'id' attribute

Question 9
Identify correct HTML5 page declaration(s)
1

x 1

1

x 1

1

x 1


Question 10
What would happen if you didn't specify the HTML5 declaration?
Nothing. HTML5 is very liberal about its declaration and it's only a recommendation to use it

The browser will revert to the previous version of HTML automatically

x The page will be interpreted in quirks mode

The page will not display at all

How should I know? I didn't really watch the videos!

Question 11
Browsers ALWAYS interpret HTML sequentially, top to bottom
x True

False

Question 12
Identify invalid HTML code snippet below (assume code around it, i.e., declaration, etc. is valid)
1
x 2
3
4

Question 13
Meta tags communicate information about the browser to the server
True

x False

Question 14
Without applying any additional styles, the following code snippet will show up in the browser as how many lines of text? (Assume the browser is stretched wide enough not to cause any single line to wrap)

in 4 righe

Question 15
Identify invalid HTML code snippet (assume code above and below this code is valid)
1

x 1

1

All are valid!

Question 16
Semantic HTML tags
x May help the SEO ranking of the page

x Help computers better understand the structure of the page

x Help humans better understand the structure of the page

Are required to be used in HTML5

17.
One purpose of HTML Character Entity References is
x To allow the browser to display certain characters it would otherwise interpret as part of HTML code and not something to display to the user

HTML Character Entity References were useful before HTML5 was introduced. After HTML5, they are no longer needed

Identify character sets that the browser can support

Question 18
Using only HTML, how would you make sure that 3 words in an HTML document ALWAYS appear together on 1 line, even if the text word-wraps because the browser window is too narrow for that text line? 
Impossible to accomplish with HTML alone!

Place &nowrap; entity reference before the 1st word and after the 3rd word

Px lace &nbsp; entity reference after the 1st word and after the 2nd word (with no spaces in between words and entity references)

Place &nbsp; entity reference before the 1st word and after the 3rd word

Question 19
How can you force the browser to open a link in a new window or tab?
Send some special meta tags as part of the page

Instruct the user to right-click on the link and choose "Open in a New Tab"

x Include target='_blank' attribute as part of the <a> tag

Include target="new" attribute as part of the <a> tag

Question 20
The following code rendering in the middle section of the page allows someone to directly link to that middle section of the page, not just the beginning of the page:
x True

False

Question 21
Even though the width and height attributes of the 'img' tag are not required, it's always a good idea to use them
x True

False

Question 22
WHATWG does NOT version HTML. For them, it's NOT HTML5. It's just HTML.
x True

False

Question 23
Quirks Mode is when the browser
Can become unstable and crash in the middle of rendering a web page

x Assumes that the HTML in the web page is NOT following the HTML standard, i.e., not in standards mode. That will cause styles not to work correctly, etc.

This is a made up term. No such thing
